the Octagon gate you know you have a
candidate right there for knockout of
the night yeah Anthony Johnson is
capable of knocking out literally any
person in the world that he connects on
good body kick nice right hand beautiful
left hook
fast hands could battle inside quick
hands
nice leg kick nice body kick Oh answered
by a big body shot
Oh
Kyle looping hook there he ate 10 body
shot kick to the body man he gets some
torque on that hook
nice left hook nice right hand nice body
kick Oh beautiful hook both guys banging
on the inside Mike
got the double underhooks
try to punish the midsection looking for
the takedown full sprawl
20 body shot
good body shot body shot by AZ Oh big
left hook nice punches a good counter
good leg kick
he shoots her to take down good takedown
defense
under a minute remains home
nice leg kick man you could hear that
one very solid oh and punishing the
midsection Oh again with a big right
hand he's down final 30 seconds
non-title fight scheduled for three
five-minute rounds he caught the leg
gets the takedown
nice work
round one is in a box
you're not getting greedy sticking to
the game plan he's nervous coming up
with the head kick and all that kind of
stuff let's take a look at some of that
action here
are you ready I read it second round
fight scheduled for three five-minute
rounds
Oh big kick
nice right hook
good counter though Joe shoots for the
takedown he's got the takedown
oh he lets him up
nice counter right hand
Oh
nice look they're stuffed he got tagged
there Mike it sure did
under 3 minutes now
big left hook got to keep those hands up
Oh
nice hook
big hook bodies party kick body shot
punishing strikes
jab
countering and scoring big time
each and j/o in connection with an elbow
beautiful Joe that's a huge connection
right there and it looks like there's a
cut on the fighter yeah it definitely
looks like he's cut Mike let's hope it
doesn't get bad
under a minute remains he shoots nice
double leg show that one open him up
yeah he's really starting to bleed now
work in the mid section 30 seconds
remains in the round this is pretty much
a stalemate yeah he's gonna stand them
up let's see if it gets a little faster
toe-to-toe they are both staying in
tight
turn left at last
Rumble Johnson with defects
and this is the one that does it knocks
the mouthpiece out and shut off the
lights
you see it again mouthpiece goes flying
knocks him out cold
watch it again Joe Wow